Mr. Xiao
I have expelled Sun Tzu Feng, a rebel, from my house
Mr. Shaw, if your anger has not subsided
You can do whatever you want with me.
I have no complaints
Just please
Let go of the Sun family and don't take it
I didn't expect you to be so ruthless
So be it.
That being the case
Just let your Sun family mother go
But the United Chamber of Commerce
You can't run it anymore.
Thank you for killing
Little sir, I'll go home and settle
Within a week
I promise the United Chamber of Commerce will close soon
Go down
His subordinate Guo Qing paid homage to Wuji Architecture
You figured it out.
Get up.
The only supreme black card in the world
Only the owner has it.
Plus Sun Chenglong's attitude just now
Such obvious evidence
I still can't guess your identity.
Then I don't deserve it either.
As the agent of Beihai Invincible Store
Invincible Store Beihai City
To someone as talented and intelligent as you
I'm relieved.
Thank you for the compliment.
You have to go through fire and water
No one told you to die
But there is one thing you need to do
Dare to ask the owner what's the matter
buy
Betrothal gift